Oh, hospitable?
Hmm, what does that mean?
It's a quality mission in the Bible.
We can be hospitable by being kind to others
and making them feel welcome.
Does it make you happy when others share with you?
Hospitality is like sharing,
but it's not just about sharing what you have.
It's about how we feel on the inside when we do it.
Because we love others.
There are many ways to be hospitable.
You can make others feel welcome when they visit your congregation.
Hello, my name is Sophia.
It's so nice to meet you.
Welcome to our congregation.
My name is Caleb.
Do you like dinosaurs?
Yeah!
You can also make others feel welcome when they come to your home.
You can even share a meal together.
I wonder who that could be.
Oh, I invited the whole congregation.
Make sure you have your parents' permission before you invite someone over.
And remember, we don't need to have a lot of things to be hospitable.
Some of the most precious things we can share with others
is our time and attention.
So, can we invite someone over?
Sure.
Who did you have in mind?
Sounds like a wonderful idea.